1. Which of the following are true when it comes to the business value of big data? (Select all
that apply.)
The size of the data businesses collect is growing
As the technology improves, businesses are collecting more and more data.

Businesses are increasingly making data-driven decisions
More and more, businesses are seeing the value of driving decision-making using data.


2. Spark uses...
A distributed cluster of networked computers made of a driver node and many executor nodes

A driver node to distribute work across a number of executor nodes


3. How does Spark execute code backed by DataFrames? (Select all that apply.)
It separates the "logical plan" of what you want to accomplish from the "physical plan" of how
to do it so it can optimize the query
Spark generates code on the fly to provide the most optimal way of serving your query.

It optimizes your query by figuring out the best "how" to execute what you want
Since Spark knows what you want to accomplish, it's able to figure out the best way to do it.


4. What are the properties of Spark DataFrames? (Select all that apply.)
Dataset: Collection of partitioned data
The collection of data is partitioned so it can be distributed across the cluster.

Resilient: Fault-tolerant
If you lose a worker, only recompute work that worker was responsible for.

Distributed: Computed across multiple nodes
Each node computes on its own data.


5. What is the difference between Spark and database technologies? (Select all that apply.)
Spark is a computation engine and is not for data storage
Spark is a computation engine, whereas database technology is meant for data storage.

Spark is a highly optimized compute engine and is not a database
Spark is a robust unified analytics engine and does not act like a database.


6. What is Amdahl's law of scalability? (Select all that apply.)
Amdahl's law states that the speedup of a task is a function of how much of that task can be
parallelized

A formula that gives the theoretical speedup as a function of the percentage of a computation that
can be parallelized


7. Spark offers a unified approach to analytics. What does this include? (Select all that apply.)
Spark allows analysts, data scientists, and data engineers to all use the same core technology
Spark provides a common framework for data analysts, data scientists, and data engineers to all use the same technology and design patterns.

Spark unifies applications such as SQL queries, streaming, and machine learning
Spark works seamlessly with streaming, SQL, machine learning, and graph processing

Spark code can be written in the following languages: SQL, Scala, Java, Python, and R
Spark code can be written in a number of languages that are executed in the same way regardless of the language.

Spark is able to connect to data where it lives in any number of sources, unifying the components of a data application
Spark has a diverse set of connectors that can connect to data where it lives.


8. What is a Databricks notebook?
A colaborative, interactive workspace that allows you to execute Spark queries at scale.
A notebook is an interactive way of interacting with Spark code.


9. How can you get data into Databricks? (Select all that apply.)
By uploading it through the user interface
Uploading data through the user interface works well for small datasets.

By registering the data as a table
Data in Spark can be registered as its own table.

By "mounting" data backed by cloud storage
Mounting data makes it appear in Spark as though the data were sitting on the Cluster itself.


10. What are the qualities of big data? (Select all that apply.)
Velocity: the speed of data
The speed at which data arrives in architectures is growing exponentially.

Veracity: the reliability of data
Data is not always reliable as it is sometimes user generated, poorly processed, or with other
problems.

Volume: the amount of data
The amount of data is growing exponentially.

Variety: the diversity of data
More and more different kinds of data are being processed by data applications.