1. What are the different units of parallelism? (Select all that apply.)
Executor
An executor is one worker node in a cluster.

Task
A job can be divided into many tasks.

Partition
A partition is a subset of data.

Core
A processor has many cores.


2. What is a partition?
A portion of a large distributed set of data
Data distributed across the cluster is divided into different partitions.


3. What is the difference between in-memory computing and other technologies? (Select all that
apply.)
In-memory operations were not realistic in older technologies when memory was more expensive
The price of memory has come down drastically enabling Spark to rely on in-memory calculations.

Computation not done in-memory (such as Hadoop) reads and writes from disk in between each step
Hadoop (the precursor to Spark) was much slower because it had to read from and write to disk
between every step.

In-memory operates from RAM while other technologies operate from disk
In-memory operation works using RAM.


4. Why is caching important?
It stores data on the cluster to improve query performance
By storing data we know we'll see again, caching improves query performance.


5. Which of the following is a wide transformation? (Select all that apply.)
GROUP BY
A GROUP BY transfers data across the network and is therefore a wide transformation.

ORDER BY
An ORDER BY transfers data across the network and is therefore a wide transformation.


6. Broadcast joins...
Transfer the smaller of two tables to the larger, minimizing data transfer


7. When is it appropriate to use a shuffle join?
When both tables are moderately sized or large
Shuffle joins are more efficient when both tables are of similar, larger sizes.


8. Which of the following are bottlenecks you can detect with the Spark UI? (Select all that
apply.)
Data Skew
Data skew is when partitions are not of similar sizes and can be detected by the Spark UI.

Shuffle reads
The Spark UI can show shuffles triggered by Spark actions.

Shuffle writes
The Spark UI can show shuffles triggered by Spark actions.


9.What is a stage boundary?
When all of the slots or available units of processing have to sync with one another
A stage boundary is when all Spark tasks must come together to exchange a result.


10. What happens when Spark code is executed in local mode?
The executor and driver are on the same machine
Local mode refers to when the executor and driver are the same machine, such as when prototyping
Spark code on your laptop.

